README.md, before:

# Innovation Timespace 7

Kitchen Sink Tech Pack for Minecraft 1.20

## MultiMC/PrismLauncher

MultiMC and PrismLauncher can use a dedicated, automatically-updating instance that uses Packwiz to download new versions of the pack.

[Auto-Updating MultiMC/PrismLauncher Instance](https://github.com/Kneelawk/Innovation-Timespace-7/raw/main/installers/Innovation%20Timespace%207.zip)

## Server Installer

[Auto-Updating Server Installer](https://github.com/Kneelawk/Innovation-Timespace-7/raw/main/installers/Innovation-Timespace-7-Server.tar.gz)

## Alpha

This modpack is still in alpha while we wait for more core mods like Botania, Spectrum, and Yttr to update to Minecraft 1.20.

Once more core mods are available and in the pack, an official 1.0 version will be released.

## Mods

<details>
<summary>Mod List</summary>

222 Mods:
* [Ad Astra](https://modrinth.com/mod/ad-astra) by Terrarium, AlexNijjar, Facundo46, fizziy, Kekie6, CodexAdrian, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Additional Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/additional-structures) by XxRexRaptorxX
* [Advanced Networking](https://modrinth.com/mod/advanced-networking) by MattiDragon
* [AE2 EMI Crafting Integration](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2-emi-crafting) by roridev
* [AE2CC Bridge](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2cc) by TheMrMilchmann
* [Affectionate](https://modrinth.com/mod/affectionate) by LambdAurora
* [Airbag](https://github.com/Kneelawk/AirBag) by Kneelawk
* [Almost Unified](https://modrinth.com/mod/almost-unified) by Relentless and Lytho
* [Amarite](https://modrinth.com/mod/amarite) by AmyMialee, Bonfire, Winsweep, Luxintrus, and KodaConstellation
* [Amecs](https://modrinth.com/mod/amecs) by Siphalor
* [AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/appleskin) by squeek502
* [Applied Energistics 2](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2) by Technici4n and shartte
* [Applied Energistics 2 Wireless Terminals](https://modrinth.com/mod/applied-energistics-2-wireless-terminals) by Mari023
* [Architecture Extensions](https://modrinth.com/mod/arch-ex) by falkreon, woodiertexas, Cart3r1234, Ampflower, and Maximum
* [Architectury API](https://modrinth.com/mod/architectury-api) by shedaniel, MaxNeedsSnacks, and Juuz
* [Argonauts](https://modrinth.com/mod/argonauts) by CodexAdrian, Terrarium, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Athena](https://modrinth.com/mod/athena-ctm) by CodexAdrian, ThatGravyBoat, and Terrarium
* [Aurora's Decorations](https://modrinth.com/mod/aurorasdecorations) by LambdAurora
* [Auth Me](https://modrinth.com/mod/auth-me) by axieum
* [Automobility](https://modrinth.com/mod/automobility) by FoundationGames
* [bad packets](https://modrinth.com/mod/badpackets) by deirn
* [BCLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/bclib) by quiqueck
* [Better Advancements](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-advancements) by way2muchnoise
* [Better Enchantment Boosting](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-enchantment-boosting) by RedstoneParadox
* [Better Log4j Config](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-log4j-config) by Pixelstormer
* [BetterEnd](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterend) by quiqueck
* [BetterNether](https://modrinth.com/mod/betternether) by quiqueck
* [Bewitchment](https://modrinth.com/mod/bewitchment) by MoriyaShiine and cybercat5555
* [Biome Makeover](https://modrinth.com/mod/biome-makeover) by Lemon
* [Bits And Chisels](https://modrinth.com/mod/bits-and-chisels) by CoolMineman
* [BlossomLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/blossomlib) by CodedSakura
* [BlossomPVP](https://modrinth.com/mod/blossompvp) by CodedSakura
* [Blur (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/blur-fabric) by Motschen
* [Bl��haj](https://modrinth.com/mod/blahaj) by hibi
* [Bookshelf](https://modrinth.com/mod/bookshelf-lib) by Darkhax
* [Borderless Mining](https://modrinth.com/mod/borderless-mining) by comp500
* [Bosses of Mass Destruction](https://modrinth.com/mod/bosses-of-mass-destruction) by Barribob
* [Botarium](https://modrinth.com/mod/botarium) by CodexAdrian, Terrarium, ThatGravyBoat, and AlexNijjar
* [Bovines and Buttercups (Mooblooms)](https://modrinth.com/mod/bovines-and-buttercups) by SpiderKolo and Pug
* [Building Wands](https://modrinth.com/mod/building-wands) by nicguzzo
* [Cadmus](https://modrinth.com/mod/cadmus) by CodexAdrian, Terrarium, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Calibrated Access](https://modrinth.com/mod/calibrated) by Trudle_ and acikek
* [Cardinal Components API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cardinal-components-api) by Up and Pyrofab
* [CC: Tweaked](https://modrinth.com/mod/cc-tweaked) by squiddev
* [CC:C Bridge](https://modrinth.com/mod/cccbridge) by Sammy and Luke1550
* [Chat Heads](https://modrinth.com/mod/chat-heads) by Fourmisain and dzwdz
* [Chipped](https://modrinth.com/mod/chipped) by Terrarium, CodexAdrian, Kekie6, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [ChoiceTheorem's Overhauled Village](https://modrinth.com/mod/ct-overhaul-village) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Chunky](https://modrinth.com/mod/chunky) by pop4959
* [Cinderscapes](https://modrinth.com/mod/cinderscapes) by Terraformers, LudoCrypt, gniftygnome, Prospector, and NeusFear
* [Cloth Config API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config) by shedaniel
* [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/c2me-fabric) by ishland and duplexsystem
* [Conjuring](https://modrinth.com/mod/conjuring) by glisco and Noaaan
* [Consistency+](https://modrinth.com/mod/consistencyplus) by Cart3r1234, Siuolplex, triphora, Andrew6rant, tropheusj, Deviouslrd, and IMS
* [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity) by peppercode1
* [Controlify](https://modrinth.com/mod/controlify) by isxander
* [Controlling](https://modrinth.com/mod/controlling) by jaredlll08
* [Coxinha Utilities](https://modrinth.com/mod/coxinha-utilities) by luligabi1
* [Crawl](https://modrinth.com/mod/crawl) by fewizz
* [Create Crafts & Additions](https://modrinth.com/mod/createaddition) by mrh0
* [Create Fabric](https://modrinth.com/mod/create-fabric) by alphamode, peppercode1, and tropheusj
* [Create Slice & Dice](https://modrinth.com/mod/slice-and-dice) by possible_triangle
* [Create: Steam 'n' Rails](https://modrinth.com/mod/create-steam-n-rails) by IThundxr, spottytheturtle, SlimeistDev, Szedann, littlechasiu, tropheusj, and mattentosh
* [CTOV - Farmer Delight Compat](https://modrinth.com/mod/ctov-farmers-delight-compat) by ChoiceTheorem
* [CTOV - Villagers Plus Compat](https://modrinth.com/mod/ctov-villagers-plus-compat) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Dank Storage](https://fabricmc.net/) by Tfarcenim
* [Dark Enchanting](https://modrinth.com/mod/dark-enchanting) by frqnny
* [Dark Utilities](https://modrinth.com/mod/dark-utilities) by Darkhax
* [Dawn API](https://modrinth.com/mod/dawn) by Hugman
* [Debugify](https://modrinth.com/mod/debugify) by isxander
* [DecoMod](https://modrinth.com/mod/decomod) by will_bl
* [Diggus Maximus](https://modrinth.com/mod/diggus-maximus) by kyrptonaught
* [Durability Viewer](https://modrinth.com/mod/durabilityviewer) by Giselbaer
* [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps) by juliand665 and LostLuma
* [Ears (+ Snouts/Muzzles, Tails, Horns, Wings, and More)](https://modrinth.com/mod/ears) by unascribed
* [EMI](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi) by Emi
* [EMI Addon: Extra Mod Integrations](https://modrinth.com/mod/extra-mod-integrations) by KirboSoftware, Kneelawk, and Abbie
* [EMI Enchanting](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi-enchanting) by fzzyhmstrs
* [EMI Loot](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi-loot) by fzzyhmstrs
* [EMI Trades](https://modrinth.com/mod/emitrades) by Flamarine
* [EMIffect](https://modrinth.com/mod/emiffect) by Flamarine
* [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe) by FoundationGames
* [Entity Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling) by tr7zw
* [Essential Commands](https://modrinth.com/mod/essential-commands) by John-Paul-R
* [Exordium](https://modrinth.com/mod/exordium) by tr7zw
* [Expanded Delight](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-delight) by ianm1647
* [Expanded Storage](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-storage) by Compasses
* [Extended Drawers](https://modrinth.com/mod/extended-drawers) by MattiDragon
* [Fabric Waystones](https://modrinth.com/mod/fwaystones) by LordDeatHunter
* [FallingTree](https://modrinth.com/mod/fallingtree) by Rakambda
* [Farmer's Delight [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/farmers-delight-fabric) by Zifiv
* [Fastload](https://modrinth.com/mod/fastload) by AbdElAziz, StockiesLad, and KirboSoftware
* [FerriteCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core) by malte0811
* [Forge Config API Port](https://modrinth.com/mod/forge-config-api-port) by Fuzs
* [Geckolib](https://modrinth.com/mod/geckolib) by DerToaster98, mchorse, KyoSleep, Gecko, and Tslat
* [Get Off My Lawn ReServed](https://modrinth.com/mod/goml-reserved) by Patbox
* [Handcrafted](https://modrinth.com/mod/handcrafted) by Kekie6, AlexNijjar, ThatGravyBoat, CodexAdrian, Marc-IceBlade, and Terrarium
* [Heracles](https://modrinth.com/mod/heracles) by Terrarium, CodexAdrian, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Icy Incitement](https://modrinth.com/mod/icyincitement) by AmyMialee
* [Immersive structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/immersive-structures) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Immersive Structures II: Nether edition](https://modrinth.com/mod/immersive-structures-ii) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Indium](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium) by comp500
* [Industrial Revolution](https://modrinth.com/mod/industrial-revolution) by GabrielOlvH
* [Iris Shaders](https://modrinth.com/mod/iris) by coderbot and IMS
* [JamLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/jamlib) by jamalam
* [Jump Over Fences](https://modrinth.com/mod/jump-over-fences) by kreezxil
* [Keybind Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/keybind-fix) by fzzyhmstrs
* [Kibe](https://modrinth.com/mod/kibe) by D4rkness_King
* [Krypton](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton) by astei
* [KubeJS](https://modrinth.com/mod/kubejs) by Lat and MaxNeedsSnacks
* [LambdaBetterGrass](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdabettergrass) by LambdAurora
* [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdynamiclights) by LambdAurora
* [LazyDFU](https://modrinth.com/mod/lazydfu) by astei
* [Light Emitting Diode](https://modrinth.com/mod/led) by magistermaks
* [Lighty](https://modrinth.com/mod/lighty) by andi-makes and agnor99
* [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium) by 2No2Name and jellysquid3
* [Loading Screen Tips](https://modrinth.com/mod/loadingscreentips) by UltrusBot
* [LootJS: KubeJS Addon](https://modrinth.com/mod/lootjs) by Lytho and Relentless
* [Lootr](https://modrinth.com/mod/lootr) by embeddedt and noobanidus
* [Lovely Snails](https://modrinth.com/mod/lovely_snails) by LambdAurora and Arathain
* [LuckPerms](https://modrinth.com/mod/luckperms) by lucko
* [ME Requester](https://modrinth.com/mod/merequester) by Relentless
* [Meal API](https://modrinth.com/mod/mealapi) by FoundationGames
* [MEGA Cells](https://modrinth.com/mod/mega) by 90
* [Memory Leak Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/memoryleakfix) by FX and KingContaria
* [MES - Moog's End Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/mes-moogs-end-structures) by FinnSetchell
* [Milk+](https://modrinth.com/mod/milk_plus) by tropheusj
* [Mine Cells - Dead Cells Mod](https://modrinth.com/mod/minecells) by mim1q
* [Missing Wilds](https://modrinth.com/mod/missing-wilds) by UltrusBot
* [MixinTrace](https://modrinth.com/mod/mixintrace) by comp500
* [Mod Loading Screen](https://modrinth.com/mod/mod-loading-screen) by Gaming32
* [Mod Menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu) by modmuss50, NeusFear, jackassmc, Prospector, and Terraformers
* [Modern Dynamics](https://modrinth.com/mod/modern-dynamics) by Technici4n
* [Modern Industrialization](https://modrinth.com/mod/modern-industrialization) by Technici4n and Azercoco
* [ModernFix](https://modrinth.com/mod/modernfix) by embeddedt
* [Moonlight Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/moonlight) by MehVahdJukaar
* [More Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/moreculling) by FX
* [Mouse Wheelie](https://modrinth.com/mod/mouse-wheelie) by Siphalor
* [MVS - Moog's Voyager Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/moogs-voyager-structures) by FinnSetchell
* [No Chat Reports](https://modrinth.com/mod/no-chat-reports) by robotkoer and Aizistral
* [Noisium](https://modrinth.com/mod/noisium) by Steveplays
* [Now Playing](https://modrinth.com/mod/now-playing) by Scotsguy
* [Ok Zoomer](https://modrinth.com/mod/ok-zoomer) by Ennui
* [o��o (owo-lib)](https://modrinth.com/mod/owo-lib) by glisco and BasiqueEvangelist
* [Patchouli](https://modrinth.com/mod/patchouli) by williewillus and Vazkii
* [Peculiar Pieces](https://modrinth.com/mod/peculiarpieces) by AmyMialee and unascribed
* [Pehkui](https://modrinth.com/mod/pehkui) by Virtuoel
* [Peripheralium](https://modrinth.com/mod/peripheralium) by SirEdvin
* [Piercing Paxels ������](https://modrinth.com/mod/piercingpaxels) by AmyMialee
* [Pig Pen Cipher](https://modrinth.com/mod/pig-pen-cipher) by Darkhax
* [Pineapple](https://modrinth.com/mod/pineapple-mod) by ubionexd
* [Plant In A Jar](https://modrinth.com/mod/plant-in-a-jar) by CoolMineman
* [Plethora Peripherals](https://modrinth.com/mod/plethora-peripherals) by Lemmmy, squiddev, and emmachase
* [Plushables](https://modrinth.com/mod/plushables) by June
* [Pollinators' Paradise](https://modrinth.com/mod/pollinators-paradise) by GardenSystem
* [Powah!](https://modrinth.com/mod/powah) by Technici4n
* [Power Networks](https://modrinth.com/mod/power-networks) by MattiDragon
* [Promenade](https://modrinth.com/mod/promenade) by Hugman
* [Prometheus](https://modrinth.com/mod/prometheus) by Terrarium, CodexAdrian, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Quilt Kotlin Libraries (QKL)](https://modrinth.com/mod/qkl) by NoComment1105, Potatoboy9999, Octal, Quilt-Holdings, and sschr15
* [Quilt Loading Screen](https://modrinth.com/mod/quilt-loading-screen) by triphora
* [Quilted Fabric API (QFAPI) / Quilt Standard Libraries (QSL)](https://modrinth.com/mod/qsl) by OroArmor, Ennui, LambdAurora, and Quilt-Holdings
* [rainglow](https://modrinth.com/mod/rainglow) by ix0rai
* [Reese's Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/reeses-sodium-options) by FlashyReese
* [Repurposed Structures - Quilt/Fabric](https://modrinth.com/mod/repurposed-structures-fabric) by TelepathicGrunt
* [Resourceful Config](https://modrinth.com/mod/resourceful-config) by ThatGravyBoat and epic_oreo
* [Resourceful Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/resourceful-lib) by epic_oreo and ThatGravyBoat
* [Rhino](https://modrinth.com/mod/rhino) by MaxNeedsSnacks and Lat
* [RightClickHarvest](https://modrinth.com/mod/rightclickharvest) by jamalam
* [Runelic](https://modrinth.com/mod/runelic) by Darkhax
* [Sandwichable](https://modrinth.com/mod/sandwichable) by FoundationGames
* [Scarves](https://modrinth.com/mod/scarves) by falkreon
* [Scriptor Magicae](https://modrinth.com/mod/scriptor-magicae) by ssblur
* [Seamless Loading Screen ](https://modrinth.com/mod/seamless-loading-screen) by Minenash, Blodhgarm, and mineblock11
* [Searchables](https://modrinth.com/mod/searchables) by jaredlll08
* [Server Tick](https://modrinth.com/mod/servertick) by sammko
* [Show Me What You Got](https://modrinth.com/mod/show-me-what-you-got) by Apace
* [Show Me Your Skin!](https://modrinth.com/mod/show-me-your-skin) by enjarai
* [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium) by jellysquid3 and IMS
* [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra) by FlashyReese
* [Softer Pastels](https://modrinth.com/mod/softer-pastels) by devOS-Nautical, asoji, Cart3r1234, and Stereo528
* [Soul Ice](https://modrinth.com/mod/soulice) by Siuolplex
* [Soulbound Enchantment](https://modrinth.com/mod/soulbound-enchantment) by iMoonDay
* [StackDeobfuscator](https://modrinth.com/mod/stackdeobf) by booky10
* [Styled Chat](https://modrinth.com/mod/styled-chat) by Patbox
* [Styled Nicknames](https://modrinth.com/mod/styled-nicknames) by Patbox
* [Styled Player List](https://modrinth.com/mod/styledplayerlist) by Patbox
* [Supplementaries](https://modrinth.com/mod/supplementaries) by MehVahdJukaar and Plantkillable
* [Tablesaw](https://modrinth.com/mod/tablesaw) by woodiertexas and falkreon
* [Tech Reborn](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn) by modmuss50 and drcrazy777
* [Tempad](https://modrinth.com/mod/tempad) by MsRandom, Terrarium, Kekie6, CodexAdrian, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Templates 2](https://modrinth.com/mod/templates-2) by quat
* [Terrestria](https://modrinth.com/mod/terrestria) by Terraformers, NeusFear, jaskarth, Prospector, coderbot, and gniftygnome
* [The Graveyard (FABRIC)](https://modrinth.com/mod/the-graveyard-fabric) by finallion
* [Traveler's Backpack](https://modrinth.com/mod/travelersbackpack) by Tiviacz1337
* [Traveler's Titles](https://modrinth.com/mod/travelers-titles) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [Traverse](https://modrinth.com/mod/traverse) by NeusFear, gniftygnome, Prospector, and Terraformers
* [Tree Hollows](https://modrinth.com/mod/tree-hollows) by Reoseah
* [Trinkets](https://modrinth.com/mod/trinkets) by Emi
* [Turtlematic](https://modrinth.com/mod/turtlematic) by SirEdvin
* [Universal Graves](https://modrinth.com/mod/universal-graves) by Patbox
* [Universal Shops](https://modrinth.com/mod/universal-shops) by Patbox
* [UnlimitedPeripheralWorks](https://modrinth.com/mod/unlimitedperipheralworks) by SirEdvin
* [Utility Belt](https://modrinth.com/mod/utility-belt) by jamalam and Jomlom
* [VillagersPlus](https://modrinth.com/mod/villagersplus) by finallion
* [When Dungeons Arise](https://modrinth.com/mod/when-dungeons-arise) by aureljz
* [Wired Redstone](https://modrinth.com/mod/wiredredstone) by Kneelawk
* [WTHIT](https://modrinth.com/mod/wthit) by deirn
* [Xaero's Minimap](https://modrinth.com/mod/xaeros-minimap) by thexaero
* [Xaero's World Map](https://modrinth.com/mod/xaeros-world-map) by thexaero
* [Yeet](https://modrinth.com/mod/yeet) by tropheusj
* [YetAnotherConfigLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/yacl) by isxander
* [Your Options Shall Be Respected (YOSBR)](https://modrinth.com/mod/yosbr) by shedaniel
* [YUNG's API](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-api) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Desert Temples](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-desert-temples) by YUNGNICKYOUNG and Tera458
* [YUNG's Better Dungeons](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-dungeons) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Jungle Temples](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-jungle-temples) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Mineshafts](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-mineshafts) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Ocean Monuments](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-ocean-monuments) by YUNGNICKYOUNG and Tera458
* [YUNG's Better Strongholds](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-strongholds) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Witch Huts](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-witch-huts) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Extras](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-extras) by YUNGNICKYOUNG

</details>

Commit message:

The modpack is now in beta

README.md, after:

# Innovation Timespace 7

Kitchen Sink Tech Pack for Minecraft 1.20

## MultiMC/PrismLauncher

MultiMC and PrismLauncher can use a dedicated, automatically-updating instance that uses Packwiz to download new versions of the pack.

[Auto-Updating MultiMC/PrismLauncher Instance](https://github.com/Kneelawk/Innovation-Timespace-7/raw/main/installers/Innovation%20Timespace%207.zip)

## Server Installer

[Auto-Updating Server Installer](https://github.com/Kneelawk/Innovation-Timespace-7/raw/main/installers/Innovation-Timespace-7-Server.tar.gz)

## Beta

This modpack is currently in beta while more custom content, such as quests and recipes are added.

Once the custom content has become stable enough, an official 1.0 version will be released.

## Mods

<details>
<summary>Mod List</summary>

222 Mods:
* [Ad Astra](https://modrinth.com/mod/ad-astra) by Terrarium, AlexNijjar, Facundo46, fizziy, Kekie6, CodexAdrian, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Additional Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/additional-structures) by XxRexRaptorxX
* [Advanced Networking](https://modrinth.com/mod/advanced-networking) by MattiDragon
* [AE2 EMI Crafting Integration](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2-emi-crafting) by roridev
* [AE2CC Bridge](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2cc) by TheMrMilchmann
* [Affectionate](https://modrinth.com/mod/affectionate) by LambdAurora
* [Airbag](https://github.com/Kneelawk/AirBag) by Kneelawk
* [Almost Unified](https://modrinth.com/mod/almost-unified) by Relentless and Lytho
* [Amarite](https://modrinth.com/mod/amarite) by AmyMialee, Bonfire, Winsweep, Luxintrus, and KodaConstellation
* [Amecs](https://modrinth.com/mod/amecs) by Siphalor
* [AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/appleskin) by squeek502
* [Applied Energistics 2](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2) by Technici4n and shartte
* [Applied Energistics 2 Wireless Terminals](https://modrinth.com/mod/applied-energistics-2-wireless-terminals) by Mari023
* [Architecture Extensions](https://modrinth.com/mod/arch-ex) by falkreon, woodiertexas, Cart3r1234, Ampflower, and Maximum
* [Architectury API](https://modrinth.com/mod/architectury-api) by shedaniel, MaxNeedsSnacks, and Juuz
* [Argonauts](https://modrinth.com/mod/argonauts) by CodexAdrian, Terrarium, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Athena](https://modrinth.com/mod/athena-ctm) by CodexAdrian, ThatGravyBoat, and Terrarium
* [Aurora's Decorations](https://modrinth.com/mod/aurorasdecorations) by LambdAurora
* [Auth Me](https://modrinth.com/mod/auth-me) by axieum
* [Automobility](https://modrinth.com/mod/automobility) by FoundationGames
* [bad packets](https://modrinth.com/mod/badpackets) by deirn
* [BCLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/bclib) by quiqueck
* [Better Advancements](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-advancements) by way2muchnoise
* [Better Enchantment Boosting](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-enchantment-boosting) by RedstoneParadox
* [Better Log4j Config](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-log4j-config) by Pixelstormer
* [BetterEnd](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterend) by quiqueck
* [BetterNether](https://modrinth.com/mod/betternether) by quiqueck
* [Bewitchment](https://modrinth.com/mod/bewitchment) by MoriyaShiine and cybercat5555
* [Biome Makeover](https://modrinth.com/mod/biome-makeover) by Lemon
* [Bits And Chisels](https://modrinth.com/mod/bits-and-chisels) by CoolMineman
* [BlossomLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/blossomlib) by CodedSakura
* [BlossomPVP](https://modrinth.com/mod/blossompvp) by CodedSakura
* [Blur (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/blur-fabric) by Motschen
* [Bl��haj](https://modrinth.com/mod/blahaj) by hibi
* [Bookshelf](https://modrinth.com/mod/bookshelf-lib) by Darkhax
* [Borderless Mining](https://modrinth.com/mod/borderless-mining) by comp500
* [Bosses of Mass Destruction](https://modrinth.com/mod/bosses-of-mass-destruction) by Barribob
* [Botarium](https://modrinth.com/mod/botarium) by CodexAdrian, Terrarium, ThatGravyBoat, and AlexNijjar
* [Bovines and Buttercups (Mooblooms)](https://modrinth.com/mod/bovines-and-buttercups) by SpiderKolo and Pug
* [Building Wands](https://modrinth.com/mod/building-wands) by nicguzzo
* [Cadmus](https://modrinth.com/mod/cadmus) by CodexAdrian, Terrarium, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Calibrated Access](https://modrinth.com/mod/calibrated) by Trudle_ and acikek
* [Cardinal Components API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cardinal-components-api) by Up and Pyrofab
* [CC: Tweaked](https://modrinth.com/mod/cc-tweaked) by squiddev
* [CC:C Bridge](https://modrinth.com/mod/cccbridge) by Sammy and Luke1550
* [Chat Heads](https://modrinth.com/mod/chat-heads) by Fourmisain and dzwdz
* [Chipped](https://modrinth.com/mod/chipped) by Terrarium, CodexAdrian, Kekie6, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [ChoiceTheorem's Overhauled Village](https://modrinth.com/mod/ct-overhaul-village) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Chunky](https://modrinth.com/mod/chunky) by pop4959
* [Cinderscapes](https://modrinth.com/mod/cinderscapes) by Terraformers, LudoCrypt, gniftygnome, Prospector, and NeusFear
* [Cloth Config API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config) by shedaniel
* [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/c2me-fabric) by ishland and duplexsystem
* [Conjuring](https://modrinth.com/mod/conjuring) by glisco and Noaaan
* [Consistency+](https://modrinth.com/mod/consistencyplus) by Cart3r1234, Siuolplex, triphora, Andrew6rant, tropheusj, Deviouslrd, and IMS
* [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity) by peppercode1
* [Controlify](https://modrinth.com/mod/controlify) by isxander
* [Controlling](https://modrinth.com/mod/controlling) by jaredlll08
* [Coxinha Utilities](https://modrinth.com/mod/coxinha-utilities) by luligabi1
* [Crawl](https://modrinth.com/mod/crawl) by fewizz
* [Create Crafts & Additions](https://modrinth.com/mod/createaddition) by mrh0
* [Create Fabric](https://modrinth.com/mod/create-fabric) by alphamode, peppercode1, and tropheusj
* [Create Slice & Dice](https://modrinth.com/mod/slice-and-dice) by possible_triangle
* [Create: Steam 'n' Rails](https://modrinth.com/mod/create-steam-n-rails) by IThundxr, spottytheturtle, SlimeistDev, Szedann, littlechasiu, tropheusj, and mattentosh
* [CTOV - Farmer Delight Compat](https://modrinth.com/mod/ctov-farmers-delight-compat) by ChoiceTheorem
* [CTOV - Villagers Plus Compat](https://modrinth.com/mod/ctov-villagers-plus-compat) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Dank Storage](https://fabricmc.net/) by Tfarcenim
* [Dark Enchanting](https://modrinth.com/mod/dark-enchanting) by frqnny
* [Dark Utilities](https://modrinth.com/mod/dark-utilities) by Darkhax
* [Dawn API](https://modrinth.com/mod/dawn) by Hugman
* [Debugify](https://modrinth.com/mod/debugify) by isxander
* [DecoMod](https://modrinth.com/mod/decomod) by will_bl
* [Diggus Maximus](https://modrinth.com/mod/diggus-maximus) by kyrptonaught
* [Durability Viewer](https://modrinth.com/mod/durabilityviewer) by Giselbaer
* [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps) by juliand665 and LostLuma
* [Ears (+ Snouts/Muzzles, Tails, Horns, Wings, and More)](https://modrinth.com/mod/ears) by unascribed
* [EMI](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi) by Emi
* [EMI Addon: Extra Mod Integrations](https://modrinth.com/mod/extra-mod-integrations) by KirboSoftware, Kneelawk, and Abbie
* [EMI Enchanting](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi-enchanting) by fzzyhmstrs
* [EMI Loot](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi-loot) by fzzyhmstrs
* [EMI Trades](https://modrinth.com/mod/emitrades) by Flamarine
* [EMIffect](https://modrinth.com/mod/emiffect) by Flamarine
* [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe) by FoundationGames
* [Entity Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling) by tr7zw
* [Essential Commands](https://modrinth.com/mod/essential-commands) by John-Paul-R
* [Exordium](https://modrinth.com/mod/exordium) by tr7zw
* [Expanded Delight](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-delight) by ianm1647
* [Expanded Storage](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-storage) by Compasses
* [Extended Drawers](https://modrinth.com/mod/extended-drawers) by MattiDragon
* [Fabric Waystones](https://modrinth.com/mod/fwaystones) by LordDeatHunter
* [FallingTree](https://modrinth.com/mod/fallingtree) by Rakambda
* [Farmer's Delight [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/farmers-delight-fabric) by Zifiv
* [Fastload](https://modrinth.com/mod/fastload) by AbdElAziz, StockiesLad, and KirboSoftware
* [FerriteCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core) by malte0811
* [Forge Config API Port](https://modrinth.com/mod/forge-config-api-port) by Fuzs
* [Geckolib](https://modrinth.com/mod/geckolib) by DerToaster98, mchorse, KyoSleep, Gecko, and Tslat
* [Get Off My Lawn ReServed](https://modrinth.com/mod/goml-reserved) by Patbox
* [Handcrafted](https://modrinth.com/mod/handcrafted) by Kekie6, AlexNijjar, ThatGravyBoat, CodexAdrian, Marc-IceBlade, and Terrarium
* [Heracles](https://modrinth.com/mod/heracles) by Terrarium, CodexAdrian, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Icy Incitement](https://modrinth.com/mod/icyincitement) by AmyMialee
* [Immersive structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/immersive-structures) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Immersive Structures II: Nether edition](https://modrinth.com/mod/immersive-structures-ii) by ChoiceTheorem
* [Indium](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium) by comp500
* [Industrial Revolution](https://modrinth.com/mod/industrial-revolution) by GabrielOlvH
* [Iris Shaders](https://modrinth.com/mod/iris) by coderbot and IMS
* [JamLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/jamlib) by jamalam
* [Jump Over Fences](https://modrinth.com/mod/jump-over-fences) by kreezxil
* [Keybind Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/keybind-fix) by fzzyhmstrs
* [Kibe](https://modrinth.com/mod/kibe) by D4rkness_King
* [Krypton](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton) by astei
* [KubeJS](https://modrinth.com/mod/kubejs) by Lat and MaxNeedsSnacks
* [LambdaBetterGrass](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdabettergrass) by LambdAurora
* [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdynamiclights) by LambdAurora
* [LazyDFU](https://modrinth.com/mod/lazydfu) by astei
* [Light Emitting Diode](https://modrinth.com/mod/led) by magistermaks
* [Lighty](https://modrinth.com/mod/lighty) by andi-makes and agnor99
* [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium) by 2No2Name and jellysquid3
* [Loading Screen Tips](https://modrinth.com/mod/loadingscreentips) by UltrusBot
* [LootJS: KubeJS Addon](https://modrinth.com/mod/lootjs) by Lytho and Relentless
* [Lootr](https://modrinth.com/mod/lootr) by embeddedt and noobanidus
* [Lovely Snails](https://modrinth.com/mod/lovely_snails) by LambdAurora and Arathain
* [LuckPerms](https://modrinth.com/mod/luckperms) by lucko
* [ME Requester](https://modrinth.com/mod/merequester) by Relentless
* [Meal API](https://modrinth.com/mod/mealapi) by FoundationGames
* [MEGA Cells](https://modrinth.com/mod/mega) by 90
* [Memory Leak Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/memoryleakfix) by FX and KingContaria
* [MES - Moog's End Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/mes-moogs-end-structures) by FinnSetchell
* [Milk+](https://modrinth.com/mod/milk_plus) by tropheusj
* [Mine Cells - Dead Cells Mod](https://modrinth.com/mod/minecells) by mim1q
* [Missing Wilds](https://modrinth.com/mod/missing-wilds) by UltrusBot
* [MixinTrace](https://modrinth.com/mod/mixintrace) by comp500
* [Mod Loading Screen](https://modrinth.com/mod/mod-loading-screen) by Gaming32
* [Mod Menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu) by modmuss50, NeusFear, jackassmc, Prospector, and Terraformers
* [Modern Dynamics](https://modrinth.com/mod/modern-dynamics) by Technici4n
* [Modern Industrialization](https://modrinth.com/mod/modern-industrialization) by Technici4n and Azercoco
* [ModernFix](https://modrinth.com/mod/modernfix) by embeddedt
* [Moonlight Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/moonlight) by MehVahdJukaar
* [More Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/moreculling) by FX
* [Mouse Wheelie](https://modrinth.com/mod/mouse-wheelie) by Siphalor
* [MVS - Moog's Voyager Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/moogs-voyager-structures) by FinnSetchell
* [No Chat Reports](https://modrinth.com/mod/no-chat-reports) by robotkoer and Aizistral
* [Noisium](https://modrinth.com/mod/noisium) by Steveplays
* [Now Playing](https://modrinth.com/mod/now-playing) by Scotsguy
* [Ok Zoomer](https://modrinth.com/mod/ok-zoomer) by Ennui
* [o��o (owo-lib)](https://modrinth.com/mod/owo-lib) by glisco and BasiqueEvangelist
* [Patchouli](https://modrinth.com/mod/patchouli) by williewillus and Vazkii
* [Peculiar Pieces](https://modrinth.com/mod/peculiarpieces) by AmyMialee and unascribed
* [Pehkui](https://modrinth.com/mod/pehkui) by Virtuoel
* [Peripheralium](https://modrinth.com/mod/peripheralium) by SirEdvin
* [Piercing Paxels ������](https://modrinth.com/mod/piercingpaxels) by AmyMialee
* [Pig Pen Cipher](https://modrinth.com/mod/pig-pen-cipher) by Darkhax
* [Pineapple](https://modrinth.com/mod/pineapple-mod) by ubionexd
* [Plant In A Jar](https://modrinth.com/mod/plant-in-a-jar) by CoolMineman
* [Plethora Peripherals](https://modrinth.com/mod/plethora-peripherals) by Lemmmy, squiddev, and emmachase
* [Plushables](https://modrinth.com/mod/plushables) by June
* [Pollinators' Paradise](https://modrinth.com/mod/pollinators-paradise) by GardenSystem
* [Powah!](https://modrinth.com/mod/powah) by Technici4n
* [Power Networks](https://modrinth.com/mod/power-networks) by MattiDragon
* [Promenade](https://modrinth.com/mod/promenade) by Hugman
* [Prometheus](https://modrinth.com/mod/prometheus) by Terrarium, CodexAdrian, AlexNijjar, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Quilt Kotlin Libraries (QKL)](https://modrinth.com/mod/qkl) by NoComment1105, Potatoboy9999, Octal, Quilt-Holdings, and sschr15
* [Quilt Loading Screen](https://modrinth.com/mod/quilt-loading-screen) by triphora
* [Quilted Fabric API (QFAPI) / Quilt Standard Libraries (QSL)](https://modrinth.com/mod/qsl) by OroArmor, Ennui, LambdAurora, and Quilt-Holdings
* [rainglow](https://modrinth.com/mod/rainglow) by ix0rai
* [Reese's Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/reeses-sodium-options) by FlashyReese
* [Repurposed Structures - Quilt/Fabric](https://modrinth.com/mod/repurposed-structures-fabric) by TelepathicGrunt
* [Resourceful Config](https://modrinth.com/mod/resourceful-config) by ThatGravyBoat and epic_oreo
* [Resourceful Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/resourceful-lib) by epic_oreo and ThatGravyBoat
* [Rhino](https://modrinth.com/mod/rhino) by MaxNeedsSnacks and Lat
* [RightClickHarvest](https://modrinth.com/mod/rightclickharvest) by jamalam
* [Runelic](https://modrinth.com/mod/runelic) by Darkhax
* [Sandwichable](https://modrinth.com/mod/sandwichable) by FoundationGames
* [Scarves](https://modrinth.com/mod/scarves) by falkreon
* [Scriptor Magicae](https://modrinth.com/mod/scriptor-magicae) by ssblur
* [Seamless Loading Screen ](https://modrinth.com/mod/seamless-loading-screen) by Minenash, Blodhgarm, and mineblock11
* [Searchables](https://modrinth.com/mod/searchables) by jaredlll08
* [Server Tick](https://modrinth.com/mod/servertick) by sammko
* [Show Me What You Got](https://modrinth.com/mod/show-me-what-you-got) by Apace
* [Show Me Your Skin!](https://modrinth.com/mod/show-me-your-skin) by enjarai
* [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium) by jellysquid3 and IMS
* [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra) by FlashyReese
* [Softer Pastels](https://modrinth.com/mod/softer-pastels) by devOS-Nautical, asoji, Cart3r1234, and Stereo528
* [Soul Ice](https://modrinth.com/mod/soulice) by Siuolplex
* [Soulbound Enchantment](https://modrinth.com/mod/soulbound-enchantment) by iMoonDay
* [StackDeobfuscator](https://modrinth.com/mod/stackdeobf) by booky10
* [Styled Chat](https://modrinth.com/mod/styled-chat) by Patbox
* [Styled Nicknames](https://modrinth.com/mod/styled-nicknames) by Patbox
* [Styled Player List](https://modrinth.com/mod/styledplayerlist) by Patbox
* [Supplementaries](https://modrinth.com/mod/supplementaries) by MehVahdJukaar and Plantkillable
* [Tablesaw](https://modrinth.com/mod/tablesaw) by woodiertexas and falkreon
* [Tech Reborn](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn) by modmuss50 and drcrazy777
* [Tempad](https://modrinth.com/mod/tempad) by MsRandom, Terrarium, Kekie6, CodexAdrian, and ThatGravyBoat
* [Templates 2](https://modrinth.com/mod/templates-2) by quat
* [Terrestria](https://modrinth.com/mod/terrestria) by Terraformers, NeusFear, jaskarth, Prospector, coderbot, and gniftygnome
* [The Graveyard (FABRIC)](https://modrinth.com/mod/the-graveyard-fabric) by finallion
* [Traveler's Backpack](https://modrinth.com/mod/travelersbackpack) by Tiviacz1337
* [Traveler's Titles](https://modrinth.com/mod/travelers-titles) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [Traverse](https://modrinth.com/mod/traverse) by NeusFear, gniftygnome, Prospector, and Terraformers
* [Tree Hollows](https://modrinth.com/mod/tree-hollows) by Reoseah
* [Trinkets](https://modrinth.com/mod/trinkets) by Emi
* [Turtlematic](https://modrinth.com/mod/turtlematic) by SirEdvin
* [Universal Graves](https://modrinth.com/mod/universal-graves) by Patbox
* [Universal Shops](https://modrinth.com/mod/universal-shops) by Patbox
* [UnlimitedPeripheralWorks](https://modrinth.com/mod/unlimitedperipheralworks) by SirEdvin
* [Utility Belt](https://modrinth.com/mod/utility-belt) by jamalam and Jomlom
* [VillagersPlus](https://modrinth.com/mod/villagersplus) by finallion
* [When Dungeons Arise](https://modrinth.com/mod/when-dungeons-arise) by aureljz
* [Wired Redstone](https://modrinth.com/mod/wiredredstone) by Kneelawk
* [WTHIT](https://modrinth.com/mod/wthit) by deirn
* [Xaero's Minimap](https://modrinth.com/mod/xaeros-minimap) by thexaero
* [Xaero's World Map](https://modrinth.com/mod/xaeros-world-map) by thexaero
* [Yeet](https://modrinth.com/mod/yeet) by tropheusj
* [YetAnotherConfigLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/yacl) by isxander
* [Your Options Shall Be Respected (YOSBR)](https://modrinth.com/mod/yosbr) by shedaniel
* [YUNG's API](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-api) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Desert Temples](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-desert-temples) by YUNGNICKYOUNG and Tera458
* [YUNG's Better Dungeons](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-dungeons) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Jungle Temples](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-jungle-temples) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Mineshafts](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-mineshafts) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Ocean Monuments](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-ocean-monuments) by YUNGNICKYOUNG and Tera458
* [YUNG's Better Strongholds](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-strongholds) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Better Witch Huts](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-better-witch-huts) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
* [YUNG's Extras](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-extras) by YUNGNICKYOUNG

</details>
